Add service.node.configured_name (#872)
elastic/apm-agent-java: docs/metrics.asciidoc

The metrics will be stored in the `apm-*` index and have the `processor.event` property set to `metric`.

NOTE: Dedicated JVM metrics views are available since Elastic stack version 7.1.

> Since 7.5, metrics are aggregated separately for each JVM, relying on the ID of the underlying system- either container ID (where applicable) or hostname.

Reviewer: Should this be "starting in"?
```suggestion
Starting in 7.5, metrics are aggregated separately for each JVM, relying on the ID of the underlying system- either container ID (where applicable) or hostname.
```

> Since 7.5, metrics are aggregated separately for each JVM, relying on the ID of the underlying system- either container ID (where applicable) or hostname.

Reviewer: This should be an em dash instead of en dash:
```suggestion
Since 7.5, metrics are aggregated separately for each JVM, relying on the ID of the underlying system -- either container ID (where applicable) or hostname.
```

Reviewer: And a third recommendation in case you like both suggestions:

```suggestion
Starting in 7.5, metrics are aggregated separately for each JVM, relying on the ID of the underlying system -- either container ID (where applicable) or hostname.
```

Since Java agent version 1.11.0, it is possible to manually configure a unique name for each service node/JVM through

> <<config-service-node-name>>.

Reviewer: I think the funky parenthesis are occurring because of the "added" tag in the title:
```
==== `service_node_name` (added[1.11.0])
```

You may need to change this line to manually specify the link text:
```suggestion
<<config-service-node-name,`service_node_name`>>.
```
